Update trim/extend part (#3343)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/editing_geometry_attributes.rst

 .. note:: This can lead to invalid geometries.

>  .. note:: You must activate segment snapping for this tool works

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 .. note:: You must activate segment snapping for this tool to work
```
